So let's get into adding vectors now, what I like to do when I'm adding vectors is I'm actually going
to be thinking this as a displacement.
So let's actually take this object here and displace a certain amount.
So vector one, let's call this a vector.
And and that's the notation that we're going to be using to identify these factors.
And so, once again, remember that a vector has both a magnitude and a direction.
So the direction is going to be to the north of this magnitude and vector to let's call it E, I'm sorry,
vector E for E, and it's going to once again also have a magnitude of this amount and in the direction
to the east.
OK, so these are two vectors and what we're going to do here is perform a vector addition.
So let's take Vector and and add that to Vector E and the result here will be our resultant vector,
what's called the R-1.
So this is our resultant vector.
So I just want to cover a little terminology right now.
Let's look at these two.
So these two vectors are what's referred to as component vectors, and this is our resultant vector.
So if I actually open up my wallet and I'm looking at all all the contents in my wallet, I have some
credit cards, a very little amount of cash in there.
I have my IDs and those are the components of my wallet.
So when I'm when I'm looking at these Spectre's over here, these are the two component factors.
And we'll see that actually the result is a result factor.
So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to take so the first instruction once again, I'm going to
be displacing this object.
And the first instruction that's being given is to go to the doctor and.
So let's do that, let's actually have our over here and the very first instruction is to go Vector
and I, my vector end right here.
And the way that I like to think about this is I'm just going to take this object and let's say it's
starting over here and then instruction tells us to move it vector.
And so now it's over here.
OK, so now what's next?
Oh, it says, hey, the next instruction is to go vector E.
So now the dot is over here and let's go vector E.
So if we're displacing our gut, what do we do?
Well, bring it from here to over here.
I like to look at look at this as if they're instructions.
OK, so.
Well, what's the result?
Hey, don't want the dot went from here to here to over here.
And that's the end.
Right.
Well, the result is it went from here and it ended up over here.
This is our result.
This is our result vector.
OK, so let's do another problem, let's do another example.
All right, so let's change this up a little bit.
It's not that much of a change, but never lost.
So we're just going to say vector E plus vector NT is equal to resultant vector number two.
OK, so, Wolf, once again, if we're going to be looking at these like are instructions, let's move
our dot around.
So the very first instruction tells us, let's move our vector, let's move our object e vector E.
So we're just going to be moving it that much over there and that's vector E.
So we're basically saying that we're going to be moving our dot from here to here.
OK, and then what's our next instruction?
Well, our the very next thing that we do is move it.
And so Vector NT is just going up like this.
So we're just gonna be taking our dot and moving up vector and so it started.
Down here in the ended up over here.
So our dad traveled from here to here and then here to here, and the result, what you could say is
that went from here all the way to over here.
And this is our result in factor number two.
And what we should be basically seeing here is maybe I didn't do this perfectly, but the idea is,
hey, you want.
Isn't moving this north and then is this pretty much going to be resulting in the same thing as east,
then north?
Yeah, ignore it pretty much.
So what we should be able to see here is if I said move this over here like this, we should see that
the answers are pretty much the same, which if I drew this out perfectly, it would be.
But I think that you just have to accept the idea that I didn't draw this out perfectly and that's just
kind of the way it is.
So that's simply adding Vector's.